look i have very little time but i have
to tell this to whoever finds my
recording
i leave it as evidence that we're not
alone if you listen to this
use it as you must but don't let anyone
else take it from you
it's too dangerous i'll try to be short
so it all started on a totally usual day
my life's boring i'm a common
dispensable office clerk living in a
small rental apartment on the outskirts
have never been married and my only two
friends lived similarly dull lives
it was 7 pm i stayed overtime and was
just
leaving my office building when
something drew my attention
it was like a shadow and light footsteps
right behind me
and then nothing
i woke up in my own bed and thought it
was just a bad dream or something
when i looked at the clock it showed 1
am i must have dozed off and couldn't
remember it
before going back to sleep i got up and
went to the bathroom
but tripped in the darkness i flailed my
arms for
balance and suddenly the world around me
stopped and so did i
mid-fall i stood as in some kind of
stasis
ready to crash down on the floor any
moment but not
doing it for some reason and then i
noticed the small
blinking signal a bit below my immediate
line of sight
i could see it clearly it was like that
vertical line that appears when you type
something
i tried to move my arms but couldn't and
then i said
am i supposed to type here and my words
appeared before me
as if typed on some invisible screen and
there was also
a countdown next to my question now
starting from five
i watched it go to zero and my question
suddenly moved way up
accompanied by text i didn't pronounce
it said
string not recognized for a list of
available commands
type help to reset your settings to
default
type reset to default to return to
simulation with your current settings
type return my heart was beating like
crazy
i was both terrified and curious and the
latter won
i said help and a huge list of commands
dropped down in front of me in
alphabetical order
i realized i could scroll them with my
eyes
and found one i thought was both
harmless and useful for my current
situation
i said reset actor position
the string appeared in what i took to be
the main window
and nothing happened i waited for a
second and then remembered
that console commands in games and that
was
undeniably a console only work when you
return to the game
so i said return
i was expecting to fall headlong on the
floor but i didn't
instead i kind of glitched in the air
and landed on my straight legs from a
foot's height
oh my eyes were wide and i instantly
began trying to figure out how to call
the console again
i waved my hands feverishly but nothing
happened
i danced in place even deliberately fell
on my face once
all to no avail i was almost desperate
when i
finally noticed it and shouted with joy
there was a tilde symbol
right on the edge of my vision i tapped
it with my finger and voila
the console appeared again showing the
previous command
i left i start experimenting
first of all i added money to my bank
account ten thousand dollars seemed
enough for the time being
as soon as i voiced the command i left
the console and saw my phone vibrating
a notification from my bank the money
was in
with my heart fluttering in my chest i
called the console again
and continued next was my health
i had a bad tooth and some problems with
my stomach that i couldn't treat for one
of money or time
a simple command replaced all my teeth
with new and healthy ones
and i could feel my stomach wasn't an
issue anymore
okay what else did i want a luxury car i
decided
i voiced the command and ran to the
window as soon as i looked outside
a rolls-royce appeared out of thin air
on the free parking spot near my
apartment building
my apartment right i voiced another
command
and when i left the console mode i
immediately found myself in a big
and spacious house judging by its looks
it stood in the most expensive
neighborhood of the city
it was still empty though so i spent the
rest of the night creating furniture and
decorations for it
in the morning my adrenaline rush was
still running strong
so i decided to have some laughs and
drive to my office in my new rolls-royce
i summoned it to my garage with another
command and sat behind the wheel
it felt awesome i was so full of joy and
disbelief
i didn't notice the speed limit and only
came round when
i heard the police siren behind me
i pulled over and rolled down the window
to greet the officer
and suddenly an idea came to me as the
officer bowed his head in greeting
i quickly called the console and found a
suitable command
set wanted status zero i said it
returned and saw the officer just wave
to me and say
good day sir just checking if you're
okay and with that he went off
i felt invincible i could do whatever i
wanted and get away with it every time
thinking this i summoned my two pals
right into my car
and explained everything to them as they
sat there astonished
together we drove to my office where i
wanted to have a show of my life
i left the car at the building and went
inside
as i came in i created two million
dollars in a backpack
unzipped it and started handing out
packs of 20 grand to everyone i met
they looked at me like i was crazy and i
felt like that too
but i didn't care anymore i didn't care
about anything now
i was omnipotent and as i was giving out
another pack of money
someone caught me by the wrist i didn't
know the woman but she seemed to know me
i rolled my eyes and called the console
in a mischievous trick
i decided to teleport her outside the
building and voiced
move npc to position building exterior
smiling to myself i closed the console
and
she was still gripping my arm staring
right into my eyes
i know what you're doing she said i felt
cold
creeping down my spine what's your name
the woman asked that i i almost said my
name but stopped
why do you ask she smirked and said
nothing
two more people appeared next to us both
of them looking at me as intently as the
woman was
i panicked and teleported myself to my
new home
to my relief the hand gripping my wrist
disappeared
and i fell on my knees panting in terror
someone was hunting me but they needed
my name to control me
i couldn't let them know who i am i
scrolled through commands
seeking ones that could do with my
documents and summoning
everything i could find to myself
eventually i found them all
and threw them into the fireplace then
with a single command
i erased myself from the memories of my
friends colleagues
and even my family they wouldn't find a
trace of me
and they wouldn't take me under control
i was watching my paper smoldering in
the flames
when i heard a gentle knock on the front
door
heart booming i muffled my footsteps
with a command
and went to look standing before my door
was that same woman
i turned invisible and stepped through
the outer wall to get behind her back
but at the same moment she calmly turned
my way
and said no need to hide i know right
where you are
i nearly fainted from fear don't be
afraid
we need to talk please come inside i
won't do you any harm
and she walked right through the door
without opening it
i stepped inside the house after turning
visible again
no use for that now she sat down in my
armchair like she owned it
and waited for me to take a seat too
when i did
she began talking i don't know your name
and you don't know mine and let it stay
that way
but make no mistake if you go on living
like this
creating things out of thin air more
will come for you
and they'll have the means to subdue you
but who are we i thought i was the only
one
i felt dazed the woman smirked no
you're not we're actors players
in other words pcs as opposed to
npcs non-playable characters
someone just woke you up most of the
people you know
are npcs tailored to your view of the
world
but there are others like you and me and
some of them
want us gone to rule this world
unchallenged
they hunt us and we hunt them
join us and we'll give you protection in
return for your powers
and so this is it this is how i learned
i was in a simulation game
i joined the group of actors led by gene
it was an
alias that the woman took we agreed not
to share our real names even among
ourselves
i live an ordinary life but i'm leaving
this message to whoever finds it
if you can listen to it you'll soon
notice drastic changes in your life
don't be scared it means you're alive